contributing.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

## Adding something to awesome langchain

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/kyrolabs/awesome-langchain
2. Click on the `readme.md` file: ![Step 2 Click on Readme.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)
3. Now click on the edit icon. ![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)
4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. Make sure you follow guidelines above. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/). ![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)
5. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change". ![Step 5 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)
6. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

## Updating your Pull Request

Sometimes, a maintainer of an awesome list will ask you to edit your Pull Request before it is included. This is normally due to spelling errors or because your PR didn't match the awesome-\* list guidelines.

[Here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/knowledge/blob/master/github/amending-a-commit-guide.md) is a write up on how to change a Pull Request, and the different ways you can do that.

Commit message:

Remove proprietary and add contribution guidelines

contributing.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

The Awesome Langchain curates content and projects using or supporting Langchain ecosystem. The contribution needs to be open source. The list is curated in a way that only the best content is listed. This means that not all content will be listed. The content that is listed should be of high quality and have a clear added value. The project needs to be active and online for at least 1 week.

We do not list content that is:

- not in English.
- not related to Langchain.
- not maintained anymore.
- not online anymore.
- not open source.
- not adding value to existing content.

We do not aim to list all Langchain supported platforms already listed in the Langchain documention, but we may list articles and examples demonstrating their usage.

## Adding something to awesome langchain

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/kyrolabs/awesome-langchain
2. Click on the `readme.md` file: ![Step 2 Click on Readme.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)
3. Now click on the edit icon. ![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)
4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. Make sure you follow guidelines above. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/). ![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)
5. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change". ![Step 5 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)
6. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

## Updating your Pull Request

Sometimes, a maintainer of an awesome list will ask you to edit your Pull Request before it is included. This is normally due to spelling errors or because your PR didn't match the awesome-\* list guidelines.

[Here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/knowledge/blob/master/github/amending-a-commit-guide.md) is a write up on how to change a Pull Request, and the different ways you can do that.
