README.md, before:

# 🦜🔗 Awesome LangChain [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Curated list of tools and projects using LangChain.

LangChain is an amazing framework to get LLM projects done in a matter of no time and the ecosystem is growing fast. Here is an attempt to keep track of the initiatives around LangChain.

Contributions welcome. Add links through pull requests or create an issue to start a discussion.

## Table of Contents

- [🦜🔗 Awesome LangChain ](#-awesome-langchain-)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [LangChain Framework](#langchain-framework)
  - [Tools](#tools)
    - [Low-code / No-code](#low-code--no-code)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [Platforms](#platforms)
  - [Templates](#templates)
  - [Notebooks](#notebooks)
  - [Open Source Projects Using Langchain](#open-source-projects-using-langchain)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Articles](#articles)

## LangChain Framework

- [LangChain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain): the orginal 🐍
- [LangChain.js](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchainjs): the contender ✨
- [Concepts](https://docs.langchain.com/docs/): Langchain concepts doc
- [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/LangChainAI): follow to get fresh updates
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/6adMQxSpJS): discussion
- [Langchain Blog](https://blog.langchain.dev/): The Official Langchain blog
- [LangChainers](https://www.langchainers.com/): Langchainers official website, blog/newsletter
- [LangChainHub](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-hub): collection of all artifacts useful for working with LangChain primitives such as prompts, chains and agents

## Tools

### Low-code / No-code

- [Langflow](https://github.com/logspace-ai/langflow): LangFlow is a UI for LangChain
- [Yeager.ai](https://github.com/yeagerai/yeagerai-agent): Yeager.ai Agent is the first Langchain Agent creator designed to help you build, prototype, and deploy AI-powered agents with ease
- [Flowise - LangchainJS UI](https://github.com/FlowiseAI/Flowise): Drag & drop UI to build your customized LLM flow using LangchainJS

### Code

- [Langchain Service](https://github.com/kyrolabs/langchain-service): Opinionated Langchain setup with Qdrant vector store and Kong gateway
- [BentoChain](https://github.com/ssheng/BentoChain): LangChain Deployment on BentoML
- [spellbook-forge](https://github.com/rafalzawadzki/spellbook-forge): Make your LLM prompts executable and version controlled.
- [LlamaHub](https://github.com/emptycrown/llama-hub): a library of data loaders for LLMs made by the community -- to be used with LlamaIndex and/or LangChain
- [LLM Strategy](https://github.com/BlackHC/llm-strategy): implementing the Strategy Pattern using LLMs
- [datasetGPT](https://github.com/radi-cho/datasetGPT): A command-line interface to generate textual and conversational datasets with LLMs.
- [Databerry](https://github.com/gmpetrov/databerry): The no-code platform for semantic search and documents retrieval
- [EVAL](https://github.com/corca-ai/EVAL): EVAL(Elastic Versatile Agent with Langchain) will execute all your requests. Just like an eval method.
- [LLM Agents](https://github.com/mpaepper/llm_agents): Build agents which are controlled by LLMs
- [ThinkGPT](https://github.com/alaeddine-13/thinkgpt): Agent techniques to augment your LLM and push it beyond its limits
- [Auto-evaluator](https://github.com/PineappleExpress808/auto-evaluator): a lightweight evaluation tool for question-answering using Langchain

### Plugins

- [steamship-langchain](https://github.com/steamship-core/steamship-langchain): adapters for Steamship, enabling LangChain developers to rapidly deploy their apps on Steamship 🐍
- [Langchain visualizer](https://github.com/amosjyng/langchain-visualizer): visualization and debugging tool for LangChain workflows
- [BoxCars](https://github.com/BoxcarsAI/boxcars): Ruby gem, Building applications with composability using Boxcars with LLM's. Inspired by LangChain.
- [LangTorch](https://github.com/Knowly-ai/langtorch): Building composable LLM applications with Java / JVM. Inspired by LangChain.

## Platforms

- [Steamship](https://www.steamship.com/): steamship is a Managed Backend for AI services
- [Modal](https://modal.com/docs/guide/ex/potus_speech_qanda): End-to-end stack for cloud/ML compute
- [Jina](https://github.com/jina-ai/langchain-serve): Langchain Apps on Production with Jina

## Templates

- [create-t3-turbo-ai](https://github.com/zckly/create-t3-turbo-ai): t3 based, Langchain-friendly boilerplate for building type-safe, full-stack, LLM-powered web apps with Nextjs
- [LangChain.js LLM Template](https://github.com/Conner1115/LangChain.js-LLM-Template): LangChain LLM template that allows you to train your own custom AI LLM
- [Streamlit Template](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-streamlit-template): template for how to deploy a LangChain on Streamlit
- [Codespaces Template](https://github.com/lostintangent/codespaces-langchain): a Codespaces template for getting up-and-running with LangChain in seconds!
- [Gradio Template](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-gradio-template): template for how to deploy a LangChain on Gradio
- [AgentGPT](https://vercel.com/templates/next.js/agent-gpt): AI Agents with Langchain & OpenAI (Vercel / Nextjs)

## Notebooks

- [Langchain Tutorials](https://github.com/gkamradt/langchain-tutorials): overview and tutorial of the LangChain Library
- [Flan5 LLM](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AVh9dOsG9DKzfK7gOFrJuitPIcLPqlbO?usp=sharing): PDF QA using LangChain for chain of thought and multi-task instructions, Flan5 on HuggingFace
- [LangChain Handbook](https://github.com/pinecone-io/examples/tree/master/generation/langchain/handbook): Pinecone / James Briggs' LangChain handbook
- [LangChain Chinese Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/liaokongVFX/LangChain-Chinese-Getting-Started-Guide): Chinese LangChain Tutorial for Beginners

## Open Source Projects Using Langchain

- [ReadTheDocs](https://github.com/hwchase17/chat-langchain-readthedocs): create a ChatGPT like experience over your ReadTheDocs using LangChain
- [Book GPT](https://github.com/fraserxu/book-gpt): drop a book, start asking question.
- [Chat Langchain](https://github.com/hwchase17/chat-langchain): locally hosted chatbot specifically focused on question answering over the LangChain documentation
- [Chat LangchainJS](https://github.com/sullivan-sean/chat-langchainjs): NextJS version of Chat Langchain
- [Langchain Chat](https://github.com/zahidkhawaja/langchain-chat-nextjs): another Next.js frontend for LangChain Chat.
- [Doc Search](https://github.com/namuan/dr-doc-search): converse with book - Built with GPT-3
- [Fact Checker](https://github.com/jagilley/fact-checker): fact-checking LLM outputs with langchain
- [QABot](https://github.com/hardbyte/qabot): Query local or remote files or databases with natural language queries powered by langchain and openai
- [GPT Automator](https://github.com/chidiwilliams/GPT-Automator): Your voice-controlled Mac assistant.
- [Teams LangchainJS](https://github.com/SidU/teams-langchain-js): Demonstration of LangChainJS with Teams / Bot Framework bots
- [ChatGPT](https://github.com/biff-ai/chatgpt-langchainjs-example): ChatGPT & langchain example for node.js & Docker
- [Knowledge GPT](https://github.com/mmz-001/knowledge_gpt): Accurate answers and instant citations for your documents.
- [Paper QA](https://github.com/whitead/paper-qa): LLM Chain for answering questions from documents with citations
- [FlowGPT](https://github.com/nilooy/flowgpt): Generate diagram with AI
- [Knowledge](https://github.com/KnowledgeCanvas/knowledge): Knowledge is a tool for saving, searching, accessing, and exploring all of your favorite websites, documents and files.

## Videos

- [LangChain Series by Sam Witteveen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_0qvRt4LNk&list=PL8motc6AQftk1Bs42EW45kwYbyJ4jOdiZ)
- [LangChain Tutorials Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL611FKPtL866MnlDPHvI3KwVGqCB-QJAx)
- [LangChain James Briggs' Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE2skSRWTTs&list=PLIUOU7oqGTLieV9uTIFMm6_4PXg-hlN6F)
- [What Is LangChain? - LangChain + ChatGPT Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v_fgW2SkkQ)
- [LangChain Demo + Q&A with Harrison Chase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaYTXQFR0_s)
- [LangChain for LLMs is... basically just an Ansible playbook](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X51N9C-OhlE) (David Shapiro)
- [Data Independent Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v_fgW2SkkQ&list=PLqZXAkvF1bPNQER9mLmDbntNfSpzdDIU5)
- [Langchain Agent Webinar](https://www.crowdcast.io/c/46erbpbz609r)
- [BabyAGI with LangChain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRgPyOXZ-oE)

## Articles

- [Build a GitHub support bot with GPT3, LangChain, and Python](https://dagster.io/blog/chatgpt-langchain)
- [The Emergence Of Large Language Model (LLM) API Build Frameworks](https://cobusgreyling.medium.com/the-emergence-of-large-language-model-llm-api-build-frameworks-78d83d68eeda)
- [How I used LangChain 🦜🔗 and GPT-3 to Automate my Boss 🤖](https://dev.to/ironcladdev/how-i-used-langchain-and-gpt-3-to-automate-my-boss-3bk4)
- [Multilingual Semantic Search with Cohere and Langchain](https://txt.cohere.ai/search-cohere-langchain/)
- [How Haystack and LangChain are Empowering Large Language Models](https://mantiumai.com/blog/how-haystack-and-langchain-are-empowering-large-language-models/)
- [DataIndependent Tutorials](https://github.com/gkamradt/langchain-tutorials)
- [Build an Ecommerce Chatbot With Redis, LangChain, and OpenAI](https://redis.com/blog/build-ecommerce-chatbot-with-redis/)

Commit message:

Add course from Patrick Loeber

README.md, after:

# 🦜🔗 Awesome LangChain [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Curated list of tools and projects using LangChain.

LangChain is an amazing framework to get LLM projects done in a matter of no time and the ecosystem is growing fast. Here is an attempt to keep track of the initiatives around LangChain.

Contributions welcome. Add links through pull requests or create an issue to start a discussion.

## Table of Contents

- [🦜🔗 Awesome LangChain ](#-awesome-langchain-)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [LangChain Framework](#langchain-framework)
  - [Tools](#tools)
    - [Low-code / No-code](#low-code--no-code)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [Platforms](#platforms)
  - [Templates](#templates)
  - [Notebooks](#notebooks)
  - [Open Source Projects Using Langchain](#open-source-projects-using-langchain)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Articles](#articles)

## LangChain Framework

- [LangChain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain): the orginal 🐍
- [LangChain.js](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchainjs): the js brother ✨
- [Concepts](https://docs.langchain.com/docs/): Langchain concepts doc
- [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/LangChainAI): follow to get fresh updates
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/6adMQxSpJS): discussion
- [Langchain Blog](https://blog.langchain.dev/): The Official Langchain blog
- [LangChainers](https://www.langchainers.com/): Langchainers official website, blog/newsletter
- [LangChainHub](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-hub): collection of all artifacts useful for working with LangChain primitives such as prompts, chains and agents

## Tools

### Low-code / No-code

- [Langflow](https://github.com/logspace-ai/langflow): LangFlow is a UI for LangChain
- [Yeager.ai](https://github.com/yeagerai/yeagerai-agent): Yeager.ai Agent is the first Langchain Agent creator designed to help you build, prototype, and deploy AI-powered agents with ease
- [Flowise - LangchainJS UI](https://github.com/FlowiseAI/Flowise): Drag & drop UI to build your customized LLM flow using LangchainJS

### Code

- [Langchain Service](https://github.com/kyrolabs/langchain-service): Opinionated Langchain setup with Qdrant vector store and Kong gateway
- [BentoChain](https://github.com/ssheng/BentoChain): LangChain Deployment on BentoML
- [spellbook-forge](https://github.com/rafalzawadzki/spellbook-forge): Make your LLM prompts executable and version controlled.
- [LlamaHub](https://github.com/emptycrown/llama-hub): a library of data loaders for LLMs made by the community -- to be used with LlamaIndex and/or LangChain
- [LLM Strategy](https://github.com/BlackHC/llm-strategy): implementing the Strategy Pattern using LLMs
- [datasetGPT](https://github.com/radi-cho/datasetGPT): A command-line interface to generate textual and conversational datasets with LLMs.
- [Databerry](https://github.com/gmpetrov/databerry): The no-code platform for semantic search and documents retrieval
- [EVAL](https://github.com/corca-ai/EVAL): EVAL(Elastic Versatile Agent with Langchain) will execute all your requests. Just like an eval method.
- [LLM Agents](https://github.com/mpaepper/llm_agents): Build agents which are controlled by LLMs
- [ThinkGPT](https://github.com/alaeddine-13/thinkgpt): Agent techniques to augment your LLM and push it beyond its limits
- [Auto-evaluator](https://github.com/PineappleExpress808/auto-evaluator): a lightweight evaluation tool for question-answering using Langchain

### Plugins

- [steamship-langchain](https://github.com/steamship-core/steamship-langchain): adapters for Steamship, enabling LangChain developers to rapidly deploy their apps on Steamship 🐍
- [Langchain visualizer](https://github.com/amosjyng/langchain-visualizer): visualization and debugging tool for LangChain workflows
- [BoxCars](https://github.com/BoxcarsAI/boxcars): Ruby gem, Building applications with composability using Boxcars with LLM's. Inspired by LangChain.
- [LangTorch](https://github.com/Knowly-ai/langtorch): Building composable LLM applications with Java / JVM. Inspired by LangChain.

## Platforms

- [Steamship](https://www.steamship.com/): steamship is a Managed Backend for AI services
- [Modal](https://modal.com/docs/guide/ex/potus_speech_qanda): End-to-end stack for cloud/ML compute
- [Jina](https://github.com/jina-ai/langchain-serve): Langchain Apps on Production with Jina

## Templates

- [create-t3-turbo-ai](https://github.com/zckly/create-t3-turbo-ai): t3 based, Langchain-friendly boilerplate for building type-safe, full-stack, LLM-powered web apps with Nextjs
- [LangChain.js LLM Template](https://github.com/Conner1115/LangChain.js-LLM-Template): LangChain LLM template that allows you to train your own custom AI LLM
- [Streamlit Template](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-streamlit-template): template for how to deploy a LangChain on Streamlit
- [Codespaces Template](https://github.com/lostintangent/codespaces-langchain): a Codespaces template for getting up-and-running with LangChain in seconds!
- [Gradio Template](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain-gradio-template): template for how to deploy a LangChain on Gradio
- [AgentGPT](https://vercel.com/templates/next.js/agent-gpt): AI Agents with Langchain & OpenAI (Vercel / Nextjs)

## Notebooks

- [Langchain Tutorials](https://github.com/gkamradt/langchain-tutorials): overview and tutorial of the LangChain Library
- [Flan5 LLM](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AVh9dOsG9DKzfK7gOFrJuitPIcLPqlbO?usp=sharing): PDF QA using LangChain for chain of thought and multi-task instructions, Flan5 on HuggingFace
- [LangChain Handbook](https://github.com/pinecone-io/examples/tree/master/generation/langchain/handbook): Pinecone / James Briggs' LangChain handbook
- [LangChain Chinese Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/liaokongVFX/LangChain-Chinese-Getting-Started-Guide): Chinese LangChain Tutorial for Beginners

## Open Source Projects Using Langchain

- [ReadTheDocs](https://github.com/hwchase17/chat-langchain-readthedocs): create a ChatGPT like experience over your ReadTheDocs using LangChain
- [Book GPT](https://github.com/fraserxu/book-gpt): drop a book, start asking question.
- [Chat Langchain](https://github.com/hwchase17/chat-langchain): locally hosted chatbot specifically focused on question answering over the LangChain documentation
- [Chat LangchainJS](https://github.com/sullivan-sean/chat-langchainjs): NextJS version of Chat Langchain
- [Langchain Chat](https://github.com/zahidkhawaja/langchain-chat-nextjs): another Next.js frontend for LangChain Chat.
- [Doc Search](https://github.com/namuan/dr-doc-search): converse with book - Built with GPT-3
- [Fact Checker](https://github.com/jagilley/fact-checker): fact-checking LLM outputs with langchain
- [QABot](https://github.com/hardbyte/qabot): Query local or remote files or databases with natural language queries powered by langchain and openai
- [GPT Automator](https://github.com/chidiwilliams/GPT-Automator): Your voice-controlled Mac assistant.
- [Teams LangchainJS](https://github.com/SidU/teams-langchain-js): Demonstration of LangChainJS with Teams / Bot Framework bots
- [ChatGPT](https://github.com/biff-ai/chatgpt-langchainjs-example): ChatGPT & langchain example for node.js & Docker
- [Knowledge GPT](https://github.com/mmz-001/knowledge_gpt): Accurate answers and instant citations for your documents.
- [Paper QA](https://github.com/whitead/paper-qa): LLM Chain for answering questions from documents with citations
- [FlowGPT](https://github.com/nilooy/flowgpt): Generate diagram with AI
- [Knowledge](https://github.com/KnowledgeCanvas/knowledge): Knowledge is a tool for saving, searching, accessing, and exploring all of your favorite websites, documents and files.

## Videos

- [LangChain Series by Sam Witteveen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_0qvRt4LNk&list=PL8motc6AQftk1Bs42EW45kwYbyJ4jOdiZ)
- [LangChain Tutorials Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL611FKPtL866MnlDPHvI3KwVGqCB-QJAx)
- [LangChain James Briggs' Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE2skSRWTTs&list=PLIUOU7oqGTLieV9uTIFMm6_4PXg-hlN6F)
- [What Is LangChain? - LangChain + ChatGPT Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v_fgW2SkkQ)
- [LangChain Demo + Q&A with Harrison Chase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaYTXQFR0_s)
- [LangChain for LLMs is... basically just an Ansible playbook](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X51N9C-OhlE) (David Shapiro)
- [Data Independent Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v_fgW2SkkQ&list=PLqZXAkvF1bPNQER9mLmDbntNfSpzdDIU5)
- [Langchain Agent Webinar](https://www.crowdcast.io/c/46erbpbz609r)
- [BabyAGI with LangChain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRgPyOXZ-oE)
- [LangChain Tutorial in Python - Crash Course](https://www.python-engineer.com/posts/langchain-crash-course/)

## Articles

- [Build a GitHub support bot with GPT3, LangChain, and Python](https://dagster.io/blog/chatgpt-langchain)
- [The Emergence Of Large Language Model (LLM) API Build Frameworks](https://cobusgreyling.medium.com/the-emergence-of-large-language-model-llm-api-build-frameworks-78d83d68eeda)
- [How I used LangChain 🦜🔗 and GPT-3 to Automate my Boss 🤖](https://dev.to/ironcladdev/how-i-used-langchain-and-gpt-3-to-automate-my-boss-3bk4)
- [Multilingual Semantic Search with Cohere and Langchain](https://txt.cohere.ai/search-cohere-langchain/)
- [How Haystack and LangChain are Empowering Large Language Models](https://mantiumai.com/blog/how-haystack-and-langchain-are-empowering-large-language-models/)
- [DataIndependent Tutorials](https://github.com/gkamradt/langchain-tutorials)
- [Build an Ecommerce Chatbot With Redis, LangChain, and OpenAI](https://redis.com/blog/build-ecommerce-chatbot-with-redis/)
